Add Flyout guidelines and docs structure (#1057)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/flyout/partials/accessibility/accessibility.md

## Conformance

> **Note:** Putting this in for now, can adjust when the component is built.

Reviewer: I would probably edit this note so it would make mores sense to any end user who may see the page prematurely. (Something along the lines of the API may shift as part of the Ember component development process?)

Author: To clarify here, the `hidden` property in frontmatter doesn't make the route accessible at all, not even from typing it in the browser manually. So I don't think there's a risk in anybody seeing it prematurely

<Doc::Badge @type='success'>Conformant</Doc::Badge>

The Flyout component is conformant when used as directed.

## Focus

- When a Flyout is triggered, focus is trapped within the component.
    - If there are no interactive elements within the body of the Flyout, the dismiss button should receive focus as the first interactive element in the [DOM](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction).

>     - If there is an interactive element within the body (link a link), that element should receive focus first.

Reviewer: Is this placeholder text? "(link a link)" If so it may be helpful to make it stand out more by adding "TODO:". You could also add an HTML comment with a TODO: instead so that it doesn't display within the web page content.

Author: Lol, not placeholder, just a typo. Should be "like a link", which is a common interactive element within the flyout body.

Reviewer: I thought you were reminding yourself to add a link... [😂](https://emojipedia.org/face-with-tears-of-joy/)

- Since a Flyout is a complex component that can contain any combination of nested components and content, nested elements must adhere to their individual accessibility criteria.

### Focus within a simple Flyout

> If the Flyout is triggered via the keyboard and there isn't any content in the body eligible to recieve focus, the dismiss button recieves focus first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Flyout is triggered via the keyboard and there isn’t any content in the body eligible to receive focus, the dismiss button receives focus first.
```
